mgr: disable the prometheus module by crds (#11980)
rook/rook: Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/ceph-cluster-crd.md

    * `ssl`: Whether to serve the dashboard via SSL, ignored on Ceph versions older than `13.2.2`
* `monitoring`: Settings for monitoring Ceph using Prometheus. To enable monitoring on your cluster see the [monitoring guide](../../Storage-Configuration/Monitoring/ceph-monitoring.md#prometheus-alerts).
    * `enabled`: Whether to enable prometheus based monitoring for external or internal cluster
    * `externalMgrEndpoints`: external cluster manager endpoints
    * `externalMgrPrometheusPort`: external prometheus manager module port. See [external cluster configuration](#external-cluster) for more details.
    * `rulesNamespace`: Namespace to deploy prometheusRule. If empty, namespace of the cluster will be used.
      Recommended:
        * If you have a single Rook cluster, set the `rulesNamespace` to the same namespace as the cluster or keep it empty.
        * If you have multiple Rook clusters in the same Kubernetes cluster, choose the same namespace to set `rulesNamespace` for all the clusters (ideally, namespace with prometheus deployed). Otherwise, you will get duplicate alerts with duplicate alert definitions.

>     * `port`: internal prometheus manager module port. See [server_port](#https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/mgr/prometheus/#confval-mgr-prometheus-server_port).

Reviewer: Why would the port need to be changed from the default? If using host networking? And we don't need the ceph doc link since it doesn't provide more details. 
```suggestion
    * `port`: The internal prometheus manager module port where the prometheus mgr module listens. The port may need to be configured when host networking is enabled. 
```

>     * `interval`: frequently to scrape targets for internal prometheus module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `interval`: The interval for the prometheus module to to scrape targets.
```
